End-to-End Object Detection with Transformers
Nicolas Carion⋆, Francisco Massa⋆, Gabriel Synnaeve, Nicolas Usunier,
Alexander Kirillov, and Sergey Zagoruyko
Facebook AI
Abstract. We present a new method that views object detection as a
direct set prediction problem. Our approach streamlines the detection
pipeline, eﬀectively removing the need for many hand-designed compo-
nents like a non-maximum suppression procedure or anchor generation
that explicitly encode our prior knowledge about the task. The main
ingredients of the new framework, called DEtection TRansformer or
DETR, are a set-based global loss that forces unique predictions via bi-
partite matching, and a transformer encoder-decoder architecture. Given
a ﬁxed small set of learned object queries, DETR reasons about the re-
lations of the objects and the global image context to directly output
the ﬁnal set of predictions in parallel. The new model is conceptually
simple and does not require a specialized library, unlike many other
modern detectors. DETR demonstrates accuracy and run-time perfor-
mance on par with the well-established and highly-optimized Faster R-
CNN baseline on the challenging COCO object detection dataset. More-
over, DETR can be easily generalized to produce panoptic segmentation
in a uniﬁed manner. We show that it signiﬁcantly outperforms com-
petitive baselines. Training code and pretrained models are available at
https://github.com/facebookresearch/detr.
1
Introduction
The goal of object detection is to predict a set of bounding boxes and category
labels for each object of interest. Modern detectors address this set prediction
task in an indirect way, by deﬁning surrogate regression and classiﬁcation prob-
lems on a large set of proposals [37,5], anchors [23], or window centers [53,46].
Their performances are signiﬁcantly inﬂuenced by postprocessing steps to col-
lapse near-duplicate predictions, by the design of the anchor sets and by the
heuristics that assign target boxes to anchors [52]. To simplify these pipelines,
we propose a direct set prediction approach to bypass the surrogate tasks. This
end-to-end philosophy has led to signiﬁcant advances in complex structured pre-
diction tasks such as machine translation or speech recognition, but not yet in
object detection: previous attempts [43,16,4,39] either add other forms of prior
knowledge, or have not proven to be competitive with strong baselines on chal-
lenging benchmarks. This paper aims to bridge this gap.
⋆Equal contribution
arXiv:2005.12872v3  [cs.CV]  28 May 2020

2
Carion et al.
transformer 
encoder-
decoder
CNN
set of box predictions
bipartite matching loss
no object (ø)
no object (ø)
set of image features
Fig. 1: DETR directly predicts (in parallel) the ﬁnal set of detections by combining
a common CNN with a transformer architecture. During training, bipartite matching
uniquely assigns predictions with ground truth boxes. Prediction with no match should
yield a “no object” (∅) class prediction.
We streamline the training pipeline by viewing object detection as a direct set
prediction problem. We adopt an encoder-decoder architecture based on trans-
formers [47], a popular architecture for sequence prediction. The self-attention
mechanisms of transformers, which explicitly model all pairwise interactions be-
tween elements in a sequence, make these architectures particularly suitable for
speciﬁc constraints of set prediction such as removing duplicate predictions.
Our DEtection TRansformer (DETR, see Figure 1) predicts all objects at
once, and is trained end-to-end with a set loss function which performs bipar-
tite matching between predicted and ground-truth objects. DETR simpliﬁes the
detection pipeline by dropping multiple hand-designed components that encode
prior knowledge, like spatial anchors or non-maximal suppression. Unlike most
existing detection methods, DETR doesn’t require any customized layers, and
thus can be reproduced easily in any framework that contains standard CNN
and transformer classes.1.
Compared to most previous work on direct set prediction, the main features of
DETR are the conjunction of the bipartite matching loss and transformers with
(non-autoregressive) parallel decoding [29,12,10,8]. In contrast, previous work
focused on autoregressive decoding with RNNs [43,41,30,36,42]. Our matching
loss function uniquely assigns a prediction to a ground truth object, and is
invariant to a permutation of predicted objects, so we can emit them in parallel.
We evaluate DETR on one of the most popular object detection datasets,
COCO [24], against a very competitive Faster R-CNN baseline [37]. Faster R-
CNN has undergone many design iterations and its performance was greatly
improved since the original publication. Our experiments show that our new
model achieves comparable performances. More precisely, DETR demonstrates
signiﬁcantly better performance on large objects, a result likely enabled by the
non-local computations of the transformer. It obtains, however, lower perfor-
mances on small objects. We expect that future work will improve this aspect
in the same way the development of FPN [22] did for Faster R-CNN.
Training settings for DETR diﬀer from standard object detectors in mul-
tiple ways. The new model requires extra-long training schedule and beneﬁts
1 In our work we use standard implementations of Transformers [47] and ResNet [15]
backbones from standard deep learning libraries.
