===物理页1===
Published as a conference paper at ICLR 2021
AN IMAGE IS WORTH 16X16 WORDS:
TRANSFORMERS FOR IMAGE RECOGNITION AT SCALE
Alexey Dosovitskiy∗,†, Lucas Beyer∗, Alexander Kolesnikov∗, Dirk Weissenborn∗,
Xiaohua Zhai∗, Thomas Unterthiner, Mostafa Dehghani, Matthias Minderer,
Georg Heigold, Sylvain Gelly, Jakob Uszkoreit, Neil Houlsby∗,†
∗equal technical contribution, †equal advising
Google Research, Brain Team
{adosovitskiy, neilhoulsby}@google.com
ABSTRACT
While the Transformer architecture has become the de-facto standard for natural
language processing tasks, its applications to computer vision remain limited. In
vision, attention is either applied in conjunction with convolutional networks, or
used to replace certain components of convolutional networks while keeping their
overall structure in place. We show that this reliance on CNNs is not necessary
and a pure transformer applied directly to sequences of image patches can perform
very well on image classiﬁcation tasks. When pre-trained on large amounts of
data and transferred to multiple mid-sized or small image recognition benchmarks
(ImageNet, CIFAR-100, VTAB, etc.), Vision Transformer (ViT) attains excellent
results compared to state-of-the-art convolutional networks while requiring sub-
stantially fewer computational resources to train.1
1
INTRODUCTION
Self-attention-based architectures, in particular Transformers (Vaswani et al., 2017), have become
the model of choice in natural language processing (NLP). The dominant approach is to pre-train on
a large text corpus and then ﬁne-tune on a smaller task-speciﬁc dataset (Devlin et al., 2019). Thanks
to Transformers’ computational efﬁciency and scalability, it has become possible to train models of
unprecedented size, with over 100B parameters (Brown et al., 2020; Lepikhin et al., 2020). With the
models and datasets growing, there is still no sign of saturating performance.
In computer vision, however, convolutional architectures remain dominant (LeCun et al., 1989;
Krizhevsky et al., 2012; He et al., 2016). Inspired by NLP successes, multiple works try combining
CNN-like architectures with self-attention (Wang et al., 2018; Carion et al., 2020), some replacing
the convolutions entirely (Ramachandran et al., 2019; Wang et al., 2020a). The latter models, while
theoretically efﬁcient, have not yet been scaled effectively on modern hardware accelerators due to
the use of specialized attention patterns. Therefore, in large-scale image recognition, classic ResNet-
like architectures are still state of the art (Mahajan et al., 2018; Xie et al., 2020; Kolesnikov et al.,
2020).
Inspired by the Transformer scaling successes in NLP, we experiment with applying a standard
Transformer directly to images, with the fewest possible modiﬁcations. To do so, we split an image
into patches and provide the sequence of linear embeddings of these patches as an input to a Trans-
former. Image patches are treated the same way as tokens (words) in an NLP application. We train
the model on image classiﬁcation in supervised fashion.
When trained on mid-sized datasets such as ImageNet without strong regularization, these mod-
els yield modest accuracies of a few percentage points below ResNets of comparable size. This
seemingly discouraging outcome may be expected: Transformers lack some of the inductive biases
1Fine-tuning
code
and
pre-trained
models
are
available
at
https://github.com/
google-research/vision_transformer
1
arXiv:2010.11929v2  [cs.CV]  3 Jun 2021

===物理页3===
Published as a conference paper at ICLR 2021
Transformer Encoder
MLP 
Head
Vision Transformer (ViT)
*
Linear Projection of Flattened Patches
* Extra learnable
     [ cl ass] embedding
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
Patch + Position 
Embedding
Class
Bird
Ball
Car
...
Embedded 
Patches
Multi-Head 
Attention
Norm
MLP
Norm
+
L x
+
Transformer Encoder
Figure 1: Model overview. We split an image into ﬁxed-size patches, linearly embed each of them,
add position embeddings, and feed the resulting sequence of vectors to a standard Transformer
encoder. In order to perform classiﬁcation, we use the standard approach of adding an extra learnable
“classiﬁcation token” to the sequence. The illustration of the Transformer encoder was inspired by
Vaswani et al. (2017).
3
METHOD
In model design we follow the original Transformer (Vaswani et al., 2017) as closely as possible.
An advantage of this intentionally simple setup is that scalable NLP Transformer architectures – and
their efﬁcient implementations – can be used almost out of the box.
3.1
VISION TRANSFORMER (VIT)
An overview of the model is depicted in Figure 1. The standard Transformer receives as input a 1D
sequence of token embeddings. To handle 2D images, we reshape the image x ∈RH×W ×C into a
sequence of ﬂattened 2D patches xp ∈RN×(P 2·C), where (H, W) is the resolution of the original
image, C is the number of channels, (P, P) is the resolution of each image patch, and N = HW/P 2
is the resulting number of patches, which also serves as the effective input sequence length for the
Transformer. The Transformer uses constant latent vector size D through all of its layers, so we
ﬂatten the patches and map to D dimensions with a trainable linear projection (Eq. 1). We refer to
the output of this projection as the patch embeddings.
Similar to BERT’s [class] token, we prepend a learnable embedding to the sequence of embed-
ded patches (z0
0 = xclass), whose state at the output of the Transformer encoder (z0
L) serves as the
image representation y (Eq. 4). Both during pre-training and ﬁne-tuning, a classiﬁcation head is at-
tached to z0
L. The classiﬁcation head is implemented by a MLP with one hidden layer at pre-training
time and by a single linear layer at ﬁne-tuning time.
Position embeddings are added to the patch embeddings to retain positional information. We use
standard learnable 1D position embeddings, since we have not observed signiﬁcant performance
gains from using more advanced 2D-aware position embeddings (Appendix D.4). The resulting
sequence of embedding vectors serves as input to the encoder.
The Transformer encoder (Vaswani et al., 2017) consists of alternating layers of multiheaded self-
attention (MSA, see Appendix A) and MLP blocks (Eq. 2, 3). Layernorm (LN) is applied before
every block, and residual connections after every block (Wang et al., 2019; Baevski & Auli, 2019).
3
